What a big breath
A mere fraudster dares to trouble Sun Shao
Your legs are your legs
Solve me
Do you still want to see your sister and daughter?
Kneel down and beg me to die
Boldly let go and back down
Stop you kill me now
You'll never see your daughter again
Threaten me
No, I just wanted to invite you to a good show
Good show by my sister
Bring old classmates in
His family is so poor
I have never seen such a luxurious hotel
Invite me to a play, right?
Well, then I'll invite you to a midscene, too.
Or your Sun family will play it
Wait for your sister to come out.
You'll know whose show it is
How dare you hit me?
Today I not only don't kill people
Also kill the heart
Mr. Sun has prepared a surprise for you
You have to stare at Yaya in a while
Yaya is also you
What did you do to me?
Could it be that I'm going to take that dead girl with me?
Living in a run-down house with you
Buy a dish to pick and choose
Drink a cup of milk tea and move yourself
My husband is so kind to me
Gross so that's why you cheated
You don't really think
Can I take a fancy to you trash?
Oh yeah, let me tell you another secret.
Yaya is not our child
It's you who got married on the wedding night